On what application is to handle coarse, coarse or cross resource across origin resource sharing.
It's a.
HDP other base mechanism that allows a server to indicate any origins other than its own from which
a browser should permit loading resources.
This is very common when you have a front end running in one place and the back end running somewhere
else.
You need to tell your browser that is okay for that front end to load resources from somewhere else.
So you need to set up this.
It's exactly what is defined with your domain.
A dot com doesn't request a domain b dot com.
And this is reality with, you know, a lot of applications.
F This is reality.
So we will have to implement this.
We are going to do this with the security glasses.
We started in the beginning, uh, already we were disabling, uh, serious RF And we will also have
to, to implement this further.
So we disabled CRF.
Who let this.
Course and to put course management in the scope of this spring configurator adapter.
And here I will define it in.
And in this bin I will implement.
What is called course configuration sauce.
They call it course configuration sauce.
My final.
Course configuration.
And we'll set up here my course configuration.
Configuration.
Set the loads origins where you set the origins and they will actually write a variable here.
I will call it private.
Private lists be final private list of string.
I'll call it a load.
Origins.
Not origins.
My configuration also set load methods.
Leaves a list of.
I will allow ads.
I will allow.
Get.
Posts.
I will allow put.
Much.
And I will go delete.
Those are the HTP methods or GTP verbs.
And this list of.
Can be gleaned here.
Like this.
My next step will be configuration set and load credentials.
To.
Configuration.
Set the loads and there's.
Sad letters and b also least of.
Uh, least of all with the law authorization ever.
I would allow cash control.
Allow content type.
Of course, I don't know all of these others by.
By art, but it's, uh, information that you can find, um, online.
And sometimes it's better to document this, this kind of setup because it's is usually something that
you do often.
So my, your home based course configuration source.
Source.
Equals.
You, Earl.
Base configuration source.
And here.
Source register, of course.
Configuration.
My configuration above.
And I need to specify the path so huge it will be everywhere.
So slush.
Star.
And I will return.
My source.
So I'm defining these being.
It's a bit it's a long text, but it's something that you implement one time usually document and you
using in all of your applications in spring.
This is the way that we need to to implement, to have a course configuration working and to, uh,
to allow us to have uh, or frontend or backend, uh, running, um, one way or the other.
There is still one thing to do which is to define this allowed, uh, origins, because this is a string,
but we are not defining this anywhere.
Usually this, uh, these things, they will change, right?
You can have a frontend today in Angular, but tomorrow we have a new one in, I don't know, React
or something else.
So what I'm going to do is to make this configurable.
In fact, what I will say is that there is a configuration property.
I will call it application security.
Uh, mid single application.
Security dot allows origins.
Okay.
I will actually uncomment this first, because if I run like this.
Uh.
Nothing will be done because these allowed origins will be empty or new.
So in fact, we are not registering anything here.
But we should, um.
Add this and then we go to our application properties.
And we define application security allows origins and then we need to add.
Uh, we need to add to the values that we need.
In this case, we are going to allow HTP.
Two points.
Slash localhost.
Uh.
4200.
And copy paste
will all three dozen and they will also allow 8080 for the multiple front ends that we are going to
test this code with.
So we have the.
Configuration sets.
It will run, so this property will be injected.
We have a warning from it because it is not defined it yet.
But if we go to the usages, if we go here, in fact, we will see that when this application is running,
we will see Intel actually loading the values here.
The ID usually will load here and we can see, uh, if we, we do a mouse over, we see what we see
that what is the value that's is in the application property.
So this value will be mapped when we run the application.
We loaded the value if we ever need to add a new frontend, something like that we added on the configuration
properties.